blogroll.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Inspiring Life Design Blogroll
---

# Inspiring Life Design Blogroll

## UK Money Blogger Sites
Here is a selection of UK Money Blogger Sites who I visit on a regular basis:

- [**UK Money Bloggers**](https://ukmoneybloggers.com/){:target="_blank"} - I would be remiss not to mention the UK money bloggers site first!
- [**Emma Drew**](https://emmadrew.info/){:target="_blank"} - I had the pleasure of meeting Emma and her husband Tony at Fincon in 2017. She is a prolific blogger and entrepreneur, helping her readers find ways to make and save money. You can also find her on YouTube where her Poundland videos prove particularly popular. I have taken Emma's [**Turn Your Dreams Into Money**](http://bit.ly/turnyourdreamsintomoney){:target="_blank" rel="nofollow"} blog course and can highly recommend it if you are interested in finding ways to monetise and optimise your blog (whether you have started one already or are completely new to blogging)
- [**My Money Cottage**](https://mymoneycottage.com){:target="_blank"} - Mum of 3 Clare writes about boosting your income and making your money stretch further
- [**Be Clever With Your Cash**](https://becleverwithyourcash.com/){:target="_blank"} - written by Andy Webb who founded UK Money Bloggers. Andy also runs the Be Clever With Your Cash podcast as well as appearing in numerous radio and magazine features

## Financial Independence/Early Retirement Sites
Below is a list of the many Financial Independence, Retire Early (F.I.R.E.) blogs which I have come across and enjoy reading. I hope you enjoy following the journeys to financial freedom as much as I do!

### UK Sites
- [**My Debt Diary**](http://mydebtdiary.info/){:target="_blank"} - written by bride-to-be Emma who is documenting her journey to becoming debt-free, and ultimately financially independent
- [**Quietly Saving**](http://quietlysaving.co.uk/){:target="_blank"} - written by 40-something "weenie", charting her journey to FIRE before 60
- [**Financially Free by Forty**](http://financiallyfreeby40.com/){:target="_blank"} - written by Huw Davies who actually managed to retire before 40 as a result of investing, online book publishing and keeping expenses low. Huw is currently working on a course to show people how to make money from Kindle publishing
- [**The FIREstarter**](http://thefirestarter.co.uk/){:target="_blank"} - another of my favourite UK financial independence blogs
- [**The Finance Zombie**](http://www.thefinancezombie.com/){:target="_blank"} - Mr Zombie has been writing his blog since September 2014. He's in his thirties, lives in the West Country and has a goal of retiring by age 45. He comes and goes on his website (last post was Sept 2017) but I find his posts a very fun read
- [**Early Retirement Guy**](http://www.earlyretirementguy.com/){:target="_blank"} - Guy is an IT consultant who is writing about his journey to FIRE


### International Sites
- [**Frugalwoods**](http://www.frugalwoods.com/){:target="_blank"} - artfully written by "Mrs Frugalwoods", documenting her family's quest for a frugal lifestyle. Since writing the blog she and her husband have had two daughters and they've moved to a homestead (farm) which was always their dream. I had the great fortune to meet them both at Fincon in 2017 where I was fortunate to snap a pic (it was at the closing party which was fancy dress!)

![Corinna and Mrs Frugalwoods at Fincon in Dallas 2017](/i/Dallas_frugalwoods.jpg)

- [**Our Next Life**](https://ournextlife.com/){:target="_blank"} - written by Tanja who retired at the end of 2017 aged 38 alongside her husband Mark aged 41. You can find their journey to financial independence documented as well as ongoing posts about their adventures now that they have retired early

Commit message:

Updates to Blogroll to include Rockstar Directory, Monevator and smaller frugalwoods image

blogroll.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Inspiring Life Design Blogroll
---

# Inspiring Life Design Blogroll

## UK Money Blogger Sites
Here is a selection of UK Money Blogger Sites who I visit on a regular basis:

- [**UK Money Bloggers**](https://ukmoneybloggers.com/){:target="_blank"} - I would be remiss not to mention the UK money bloggers site first!
- [**Emma Drew**](https://emmadrew.info/){:target="_blank"} - I had the pleasure of meeting Emma and her husband Tony at Fincon in 2017. She is a prolific blogger and entrepreneur, helping her readers find ways to make and save money. You can also find her on YouTube where her Poundland videos prove particularly popular. I have taken Emma's [**Turn Your Dreams Into Money**](http://bit.ly/turnyourdreamsintomoney){:target="_blank" rel="nofollow"} blog course and can highly recommend it if you are interested in finding ways to monetise and optimise your blog (whether you have started one already or are completely new to blogging)
- [**My Money Cottage**](https://mymoneycottage.com){:target="_blank"} - Mum of 3 Clare writes about boosting your income and making your money stretch further
- [**Be Clever With Your Cash**](https://becleverwithyourcash.com/){:target="_blank"} - written by Andy Webb who founded UK Money Bloggers. Andy also runs the Be Clever With Your Cash podcast as well as appearing in numerous radio and magazine features

## Financial Independence/Early Retirement Sites
Below is a list of the many Financial Independence, Retire Early (F.I.R.E.) blogs which I have come across and enjoy reading. I hope you enjoy following the journeys to financial freedom as much as I do!

### Great Resource Sites
- [**Rockstar Finance Directory**](https://directory.rockstarfinance.com/personal-finance-blogs/){:target="_blank"} - if you're a personal finance blogger then this is the place to see and be seen! I love having a look through the list of bloggers who are seeking financial independence just like me. It's also fascinating to see everyone's net worth (for those who have disclosed it)
- [**Monevator**](http://monevator.com/){:target="_blank"} - if I ever need to make an investing decision, Monevator is the first place I go. It's great for working out which investment products would suit you

### UK Sites
- [**My Debt Diary**](http://mydebtdiary.info/){:target="_blank"} - written by bride-to-be Emma who is documenting her journey to becoming debt-free, and ultimately financially independent
- [**Quietly Saving**](http://quietlysaving.co.uk/){:target="_blank"} - written by 40-something "weenie", charting her journey to FIRE before 60
- [**The FIREstarter**](http://thefirestarter.co.uk/){:target="_blank"} - another of my favourite UK financial independence blogs
- [**Early Retirement Guy**](http://www.earlyretirementguy.com/){:target="_blank"} - Guy is an IT consultant who is writing about his journey to FIRE
- [**Financially Free by Forty**](http://financiallyfreeby40.com/){:target="_blank"} - written by Huw Davies who actually managed to retire before 40 as a result of investing, online book publishing and keeping expenses low. Huw is currently working on a course to show people how to make money from Kindle publishing
- [**The Finance Zombie**](http://www.thefinancezombie.com/){:target="_blank"} - Mr Zombie has been writing his blog since September 2014. He's in his thirties, lives in the West Country and has a goal of retiring by age 45. He comes and goes on his website (last post was Sept 2017) but I find his posts a very fun read



### International Sites
- [**Frugalwoods**](http://www.frugalwoods.com/){:target="_blank"} - artfully written by "Mrs Frugalwoods", documenting her family's quest for a frugal lifestyle. Since writing the blog she and her husband have had two daughters and they've moved to a homestead (farm) which was always their dream. I had the great fortune to meet them both at Fincon in 2017 where I was fortunate to snap a pic (it was at the closing party which was fancy dress!)
<center>
<figure>
    <img src='/i/Dallas_frugalwoods.jpg' alt='Blogroll Corinna with Mrs Frugalwoods at Fincon 2017'>
    <figcaption>Corinna with Mrs Frugalwoods at Fincon 2017</figcaption>
</figure>
</center>

- [**Our Next Life**](https://ournextlife.com/){:target="_blank"} - written by Tanja who retired at the end of 2017 aged 38 alongside her husband Mark aged 41. You can find their journey to financial independence documented as well as ongoing posts about their adventures now that they have retired early
