2018posts/financial-options-to-make-the-most-of.md, before:

---
layout: "post"
title: "Fantastic Financial Options You Need To Make The Most Of This Year"
date: 2018-07-26
sitemap:
  exclude: true
---
### If you want to become financially sound, there are many things to consider.
***

It is important to make sure you [make the right kinds of financial decisions](https://www.crosswalk.com/family/finances/budget/how-to-make-the-right-financial-decisions-11564290.html){:target="_blank"}, particularly when choosing whether to invest, where and how. If your ultimate goal is **financial independence**, then you're going to have to make some strategic financial decisions along the way to get you to your freedom. 

Many people spend their whole lives struggling with how to become financially free, and sadly some never fully accomplish it. There is a lot to think about when it comes to improving your financial situation and staying in control of your money moving forward. Read on for some fantastic financial ideas that will help you to understand and seize control of your finances. 

![Receipts in coffee shop](/i/2018/financial-options-1.jpg)

### Hire a Finance Coach
So you need financial guidance, but you don’t really know where to start? The best thing to do is to [hire a finance coach](https://financialmentor.com/financial-coaching/benefits/top-15-reasons-to-hire-a-money-coach){:target="_blank"} to help you out. There are so many things to think about that it can sometimes feel a little bit overwhelming on your own - this is where a finance coach would come in handy for you, helping you to learn how to manage your money better. 

### Work an Extra Job 
You may choose to improve your finances by focusing on increasing the money you are bringing in. One way to do this is to consider working an extra job to generate more revenue. Without a doubt, this will improve your financial security for you and your family and helps ensure you are more financially comfortable. The great news these days is that there are so many more options available than ever before when it comes to working from home. [Working online via e-commerce](https://selfstartr.com/start-ecommerce-business/){:target="_blank"}, blogging, or writing are great ideas for an extra job without even having to leave the comfort of your own home! 

### Save More Cash
Saving money is actually more important than you might think, yet many find that it is one of the hardest things to do. Even [saving an extra £1,000 in a year](/posts/save-one-thousand-pounds.html){:target="_blank"} may seem daunting, but if you break it down and take one week or month at a time it's actually possible to get saving. Consider turning saving into a game (a bit like the weekly scratch-off in the linked post), or set yourself mini savings targets to hit along the way. Start by building up an emergency fund that feels right for you, then consider what other larger things you may want to save for (holidays, weddings, retirement).

If you can get saving, it will give you **peace of mind** and make things much more comfortable for you, giving you a **nice buffer** to fall back on should you need it.

*This is a collaborative post*

***

<!-- START ADVERTISER: Emma Drew turn your dreams course -->
<center>
<a href="http://bit.ly/turnyourdreamsintomoney" target="_blank"><img src='/aff/turn-your-dreams-into-money-728x90.png' alt='Turn Your Dreams Into Money link to course' /></a>
</center>
<!-- END ADVERTISER: Emma Drew turn your dreams course -->

***

### Previous Post

In my last post I talked about [my income and profit for June 2018](/posts/june-2018-income-report.html){:target="_blank"}. Find out how I'm getting on with my goal to achieve £4,000 profit from side hustles this year.

***

<sub>Please note that referral links have been used in this blog post. This means that if you click the links and use the services or products I will receive a small commission toward the running of this website.</sub>

Commit message:

Adding the rest of the post which I missed in the original copy and past (doh!)

2018posts/financial-options-to-make-the-most-of.md, after:

---
layout: "post"
title: "Fantastic Financial Options You Need To Make The Most Of This Year"
date: 2018-07-26
sitemap:
  exclude: true
---
### If you want to become financially sound, there are many things to consider.
***

It is important to make sure you [make the right kinds of financial decisions](https://www.crosswalk.com/family/finances/budget/how-to-make-the-right-financial-decisions-11564290.html){:target="_blank"}, particularly when choosing whether to invest, where and how. If your ultimate goal is **financial independence**, then you're going to have to make some strategic financial decisions along the way to get you to your freedom. 

Many people spend their whole lives struggling with how to become financially free, and sadly some never fully accomplish it. There is a lot to think about when it comes to improving your financial situation and staying in control of your money moving forward. Read on for some fantastic financial ideas that will help you to understand and seize control of your finances. 

![Receipts in coffee shop](/i/2018/financial-options-1.jpg)

### Hire a Finance Coach
So you need financial guidance, but you don’t really know where to start? The best thing to do is to [hire a finance coach](https://financialmentor.com/financial-coaching/benefits/top-15-reasons-to-hire-a-money-coach){:target="_blank"} to help you out. There are so many things to think about that it can sometimes feel a little bit overwhelming on your own - this is where a finance coach would come in handy for you, helping you to learn how to manage your money better. 

### Work an Extra Job 
You may choose to improve your finances by focusing on increasing the money you are bringing in. One way to do this is to consider working an extra job to generate more revenue. Without a doubt, this will improve your financial security for you and your family and helps ensure you are more financially comfortable. The great news these days is that there are so many more options available than ever before when it comes to working from home. [Working online via e-commerce](https://selfstartr.com/start-ecommerce-business/){:target="_blank"}, blogging, or writing are great ideas for an extra job without even having to leave the comfort of your own home! 

### Save More Cash
Saving money is actually more important than you might think, yet many find that it is one of the hardest things to do. Even [saving an extra £1,000 in a year](/posts/save-one-thousand-pounds.html){:target="_blank"} may seem daunting, but if you break it down and take one week or month at a time it's actually possible to get saving. Consider turning saving into a game (a bit like the weekly scratch-off in the linked post), or set yourself mini savings targets to hit along the way. Start by building up an emergency fund that feels right for you, then consider what other larger things you may want to save for (holidays, weddings, retirement).

If you can get saving, it will give you **peace of mind** and make things much more comfortable for you, giving you a **nice buffer** to fall back on should you need it.

![Coins and notes in a savings jar](/i/2018/financial-options-2.jpg)

### Make Smart Investments
You also need to make sure you have some investments on standby as well. This is something you need to research thoroughly before parting with any cash. Yes, investments are going to cost you money, but they can also make you money in the future as well. Investing in coins or precious metals, such as [Scottsdale Mint](https://lpm.hk/silver/scottsdale-mint.html){:target="_blank"}, is a great way of generating investment opportunities. Then of course there is the stock market, or you may want to consider investing in cryptocurrency or real estate. Do make sure you carefully research before making any new investments, and don't risk any money that you can't afford to be without - at least in the short term. Investments can go down as well as up, and there are differing levels of risk associated. Overall investing is **one of the best ways** to increase your financial health.

### Only Spend on Essentials
Another way to boss your personal finances like a pro is to make sure you regulate your spending as much as possible. Make sure that you only spend on essentials. To do this it's best to compile a list of essentials that you need in your life. Think about everything you may normally spend money on and assess whether it is truly adding value to your life. It's a lot to think about, but once you know the essentials you can ensure you [stop spending on unnecessary things](https://www.moneysavingexpert.com/family/stop-spending-budgeting-tool/){:target="_blank"}. 

### Start Your Own Business
If you want to have more control over the amount of money you are making you might like to think about **starting your own business**. This is something that can have a serious impact on your personal finances. Running a startup may cost you money in the first instance, but it will also go a long way towards helping you make more money as well. The initial outlay of money upfront is something you have to make sure you factor in before you decide to become an entrepreneur. But, if you can get a small business off the ground, you'll be your own boss, setting your own rules and the money making potential is uncapped.

### Be Positive About Money
It actually might surprise you to know that a positive mindset is important with regards to finances. There are a lot of techniques that can go a long way towards helping you improve your financial situation, and a positive frame of mind is among the most important. You have to make sure you are doing everything you can to [be positive and upbeat about your financial situation](https://www.mint.com/vip-content/6-ways-to-instill-a-positive-money-mindset){:target="_blank"}. This will help you think more clearly, and look at your situation in a different way. 

![Big stack of coins with clock in background](/i/2018/financial-options-3.jpg)

### Plan and Budget for Everything 
You need to start being proactive and looking at how you can plan and oversee your money. This means [budgeting for everything](https://bettermoneyhabits.bankofamerica.com/en/saving-budgeting/creating-a-budget){:target="_blank"} and doing as much as possible to improve and enhance your process of budgeting for your personal expenditure. 

Working toward financial freedom in 2018 can often seem unattainable, but the truth is this is something that can be achieved much more easily these days. Make sure you're armed with all of the tips covered here and you'll be sure to improve your financial situation in no time. As you take control of your finances it will do you the world of good - financial freedom helps you to combat stress and worry, ultimately allowing you to find happiness doing the things that you love most. 


*This is a collaborative post*

***

<!-- START ADVERTISER: Emma Drew turn your dreams course -->
<center>
<a href="http://bit.ly/turnyourdreamsintomoney" target="_blank"><img src='/aff/turn-your-dreams-into-money-728x90.png' alt='Turn Your Dreams Into Money link to course' /></a>
</center>
<!-- END ADVERTISER: Emma Drew turn your dreams course -->

***

### Previous Post

In my last post I talked about [my income and profit for June 2018](/posts/june-2018-income-report.html){:target="_blank"}. Find out how I'm getting on with my goal to achieve £4,000 profit from side hustles this year.

***

<sub>Please note that referral links have been used in this blog post. This means that if you click the links and use the services or products I will receive a small commission toward the running of this website.</sub>
