candycane/index.md, before:

---
layout: landing_page_image
---
<center>
<img src='/i/corinnamaryphillips/cmp-small.png' style='width: 100px; height: 100px; margin: auto;' alt='Profile image of Corinna'>
<br />
</center>
<center>

<img src='/i/candycane/enterhere.png' style='width: 300px; margin: auto;' alt='Candy Cane Countdown giveaway image' />
<a class="rcptr" href="http://www.rafflecopter.com/rafl/display/be5501da2/" rel="nofollow" data-raflid="be5501da2" data-theme="classic" data-template="" id="rcwidget_w7wlr4es">a Rafflecopter giveaway</a>
<script src="https://widget-prime.rafflecopter.com/launch.js"></script>

<p>Find out more about Jana Reinhardt's amazing jewellery here:</p>
<a href="/posts/jewellery-giveaway.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><img src='/i/Buttons/instagram/cmp/ild.png' alt='link to jewellery giveaway blog post at Inspiring Life Design' /></a>
<br />
 
<h3>Terms and Conditions</h3>
1. There is one prize of a penguin necklace by Jana Reinhardt<br />
2. There are no runner up prizes <br />
3. Open to anyone with a UK address aged 18 and over<br />
4. Closing date for entries is midnight on 24.11.21<br />
5. Entrants must log in to the Rafflecopter widget, and complete one or more of the tasks<br />
<i>each completed task earns one entry in the prize draw</i>
6. 1 winner will be chosen at random<br />
7. The winner will be informed by email within 7 days of the closing date and will need<br />
to respond within 28 days with their UK delivery address, or a replacement winner will be chosen<br />
8. The winner's name will be published in the Rafflecopter widget (unless the winner objects to this)<br />
9. The prize will be despatched within 14 days of the winner confirming their address<br />
10. The winner's name may be mentioned on the Inspiring Life Design blog,<br />
YouTube Channels and Social Media (Inspiring Life Design & Corinna Phillips accounts)<br />
11. The winner's name, email and address will be passed to Jana Reinhardt<br />
for the purposes of communication to arrange prize delivery<br />
12. By participating in this prize draw, entrants confirm they have read,<br />
understood and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions<br />
</center>

Commit message:

Update to Candy Cane giveaway entry page for giveaway 2

candycane/index.md, after:

---
layout: landing_page_image
---
<center>
<img src='/i/corinnamaryphillips/cmp-small.png' style='width: 100px; height: 100px; margin: auto;' alt='Profile image of Corinna'>
<br />
</center>
<center>

<img src='/i/candycane/enterhere.png' style='width: 300px; margin: auto;' alt='Candy Cane Countdown giveaway image' />
<a class="rcptr" href="http://www.rafflecopter.com/rafl/display/be5501da3/" rel="nofollow" data-raflid="be5501da3" data-theme="classic" data-template="" id="rcwidget_k3s81ev1">a Rafflecopter giveaway</a>
<script src="https://widget-prime.rafflecopter.com/launch.js"></script>

<br />
 
<h3>Terms and Conditions</h3>
1. There is one prize which comprises of a Gingerbread Latte Bath Fizzer set and a Santa salt & pepper shaker set<br />
2. There are no runner up prizes <br />
3. Open to anyone worldwide aged 18 and over<br />
4. Entries from outside the UK are permitted under the agreement that any import customs, duties or taxes (should these be imposed) are paid by the winner. Corinna accepts no liability or responsibility for payment of any such fees, or any postage delays or failures<br />
5. Closing date for entries is midnight GMT on 5th December 2021<br />
6. Entrants must log in to the Rafflecopter widget, and complete one or more of the tasks<br />
7. 1 winner will be chosen at random<br />
8. The winner will be informed by email within 7 days of the closing date and will need<br />
to respond within 14 days with their delivery address, or a replacement winner will be chosen<br />
9. The winner's name will be published in the Rafflecopter widget<br />
10. The prize will be despatched within 14 days of the winner confirming their address<br />
11. The winner's name may be mentioned on the Inspiring Life Design blog,<br />
YouTube Channels and Social Media (Inspiring Life Design & Corinna Phillips accounts)<br />
12. By participating in this prize draw, entrants confirm they have read,<br />
understood and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions<br />
</center>
