thankyou/ss/liiftmorepreview.markdown, before:

---
layout: "landing_page"
title: "Congrats...You'll Be The First To Hear About LIIFT MORE!"
sitemap:
  exclude: true  
---
 <div class="separator-2"></div>
 
### Free Thank You Gift!

I'm so excited you are interested in the newest weight lifting program coming this summer! Until then, here's a little free gift for you...

Try out this at-home sample workout for the prequel program which is called LIIFT4. This is a fantastic weight lifting program, with just 4 workouts a week.

It's brilliant for weight loss AND for toning and flexibility.

<iframe width="1000" height="560" src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/454130126?h=7305e3336f&byline=0&portrait=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Start LIIFT4 immediately!

If you love this workout as much as I do, why not do LIIFT4 now? That way you'll be raring to go for the next installment in July!

Send me a message so that I can get you hooked up with the best bang-for-your-buck starter deal (sometimes I even have additional discount codes to offer too)!

### Can't wait?

I get it, not everyone wants a chat! If you're itching to get started right away, simply pick your option below...

[UK Customers Best Value Bundle](https://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/gb/d/L4TSPBBPEssentials?referringRepID=2495505){:target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"}

[USA Customers Best Value Bundle](https://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/us/d/L4TSPBBPEssentials?referringRepID=2495505){:target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"}

[Canada Customers Best Value Bundle](https://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/ca/d/L4TSPBBPEssentials?referringRepID=2495505){:target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"}

[France Customers Best Value Bundle](https://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/fr/d/BODTSPBBPEssentials?referringRepID=2495505){:target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"}

No matter how you choose to sign-up, I'll be here for you as your coach to offer recommendations, support and extra resources.

Commit message:

Updates to LIIFT More thank you page to add consistent thank you page images

thankyou/ss/liiftmorepreview.markdown, after:

---
layout: "landing_page"
sitemap:
  exclude: true  
---
![Sunshine Studio hero image](/i/sunshinestudio/landingpages/sunshinestudio.png)
![LIIFT More](/i/sunshinestudio/landingpages/liiftmore.png)
 
### Congrats...You'll Be The First To Hear About LIIFT MORE - here's a thank you gift!

I'm so excited you are interested in the newest weight lifting program coming this summer! Until then, here's a little free gift for you...

Try out this at-home sample workout for the prequel program which is called LIIFT4. This is a fantastic weight lifting program, with just 4 workouts a week.

It's brilliant for weight loss AND for toning and flexibility.

<iframe width="1000" height="560" src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/454130126?h=7305e3336f&byline=0&portrait=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Start LIIFT4 immediately!

If you love this workout as much as I do, why not do LIIFT4 now? That way you'll be raring to go for the next installment in July!

Send me a message so that I can get you hooked up with the best bang-for-your-buck starter deal (sometimes I even have additional discount codes to offer too)!

### Can't wait?

I get it, not everyone wants a chat! If you're itching to get started right away, simply pick your option below...

[UK Customers Best Value Bundle](https://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/gb/d/L4TSPBBPEssentials?referringRepID=2495505){:target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"}

[USA Customers Best Value Bundle](https://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/us/d/L4TSPBBPEssentials?referringRepID=2495505){:target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"}

[Canada Customers Best Value Bundle](https://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/ca/d/L4TSPBBPEssentials?referringRepID=2495505){:target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"}

[France Customers Best Value Bundle](https://www.teambeachbody.com/shop/fr/d/BODTSPBBPEssentials?referringRepID=2495505){:target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener"}

No matter how you choose to sign-up, I'll be here for you as your coach to offer recommendations, support and extra resources.
