policies/disclosure.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Disclosure
---

# Disclosure

From time to time I use affiliate links and advertisements on Inspiring Life Design, which means that if you click on a link or advertisement and subsequently make a purchase, I may receive a small percentage of the sale as commission, at no extra cost to you. Advertisements on Inspiring Life Design will not necessarily represent the blog's views or opinions. Clicking on these affiliate links or advertising is entirely optional and at your own choice. The small income generated from these affiliations and advertisements helps to support the ongoing maintenance of Inspiring Life Design.

I only write about and promote products, tools and services which I find value in and which I believe others may find value in too. I would never promote anything which I did not believe in for the sake of earning a commission.

Inspiring Life Design is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk.

Commit message:

Update for Amazon Associate wording

policies/disclosure.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Disclosure
---

# Disclosure

From time to time I use affiliate links and advertisements on Inspiring Life Design, which means that if you click on a link or advertisement and subsequently make a purchase, I may receive a small percentage of the sale as commission, at no extra cost to you. Advertisements on Inspiring Life Design will not necessarily represent the blog's views or opinions. Clicking on these affiliate links or advertising is entirely optional and at your own choice. The small income generated from these affiliations and advertisements helps to support the ongoing maintenance of Inspiring Life Design.

I only write about and promote products, tools and services which I find value in and which I believe others may find value in too. I would never promote anything which I did not believe in for the sake of earning a commission.

Inspiring Life Design is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
